"The Incarcerated Detective"
I've destroyed all the evidence
What can you do about it?
You're arrested for tampering with evidence
You son of a bitch
Hand it over
What are you doing? Let go
Come on
Where? I'm already in prison!
Where can you take me? Let go!
I'll see you in another cell
Thank you, friendly inmate
No, he's the Incarcerated Detective
You're welcome
Because justice...
Will forever stand on the side of justice
"The Incarcerated Detective, Episode 108"
Boss
Thanks, Chow
Let's work together
Work together, okay?
Thank you, boss
Let's head to the bathhouse, my treat
- I'm used to bathing myself
- I gotta work
My car's here...
- Bye-bye!
- Thank you, boss...
Thank you, boss
- We're in this together boss
- He's gone
That bottle of red was horrible...
Motherfucker
That guy...
So what does this mean?
Lark, with you on board, it's gonna happen
Right?
Let me tell you
I think the story is great
I've been hoping to work with you
Alright
The director's right here
Got it?
Alright, supporting new directors
I'll contact Jan and set up a meeting
Thanks
Set up a meeting...
Set up...
That's Lark, the Incarcerated Detective
It's Lark... the Incarcerated Detective
I love watching your show
Hello there
Can we take a picture with you?
Sure... of course you can
- You're so handsome
- Thanks
Let me help you take a picture
Alright, thank you
1,2, 3...
Let's do your signature pose
Alright...
Okay
Alright, look here, 123
Because justice...
Will forever stand on the side of justice
- I'm hungry
- There's a new noodle place nearby,
- let's check it out
- Sure
What the hell?
Hey!
Forget it, he must be drunk
Be careful, he might hurt you
Isn't he the Incarcerated Detective on TV?
Who's that?
That guy...
I don't watch TV
Let's go
Hello?
Are you still at dinner?
Incarcerated Detective shoots tonight at 23:30
Dinner's done, I'm on my way
We wouldn't stay long, there weren't any girls
We're shooting the episode with the female ghost
So much weird shit is happening
Long shooting hours
Getting in the way of my movie deals
You tell them
I don't wanna be a fucking cop again
Lark, just calm down a bit
Are you drinking and driving?
Be careful, you're a public figure
It's a big deal if you get caught
I won't
Shit, I'll call you later
Sir
Sir?
Do you know why I pulled you over?
Why is that, sir?
Because...
Justice always stands on the side of justice
Yes...
Justice is always on the side of justice
Can I take a selfie?
Sure, of course you can
Thank you
Hold on
You wanna leave just like that?
Your seat belt
Right... sorry, sir...
Thank you... thank you, sir...
Fuck!
"Prison Film Set"
"Haunted Prison”
Ask the director what time we're getting off
Why would you ask the AD?
Stop shooting, are you paying for damages?
Hurry up
Change into the costumes for your next scene
Hello director
Brother Lark
I'll work on your makeup later
Lark!
Good morning...
I wanna apologize
Jan said you had
some thoughts on the script
But I've spoken to the writer
We hope you can
compromise on the ghost element
Because that affects the whole storyline
Alright, sure, no problem
Thank you, Lark...
We're ready to go
Let's go through the scene, okay?
Thanks
Thanks, Brother Lark
Alright, we don't need to go through it
Let's just leave it as is,
I'm good with that
We gotta go through it
It's a very important scene
Yeah it is
Thank you, Brother Lark
Jut put it up here
Sure
Position it better
How can I read it if it's horizontal?
Stop messing around, Lark
You...
Your hands...
What the heck?
Why is there fake blood?
It's the wrong scene
Let me talk to makeup
It's okay, don't blame them
No worries, it's okay
Let's go through the scene
Tell makeup not to come over
Thanks, which part are we looking at?
So the ghost is seeking
your help to find justice
Then you slowly...
Don't touch me, carry on
You touch her chin
And say, 'Don't worry..."
And then your signature catchphrase
Then I'll start adding mist
What?
- Your catchphrase
- Sure
Then I'll add some mist
To give it a mysterious ambiance
Then the camera tracks in
I'm actually referencing a film that I love
Lark is on set
Lark, this is your position marker
When you say your lines...
Are we ready?
Let's go ahead and try one
Try one? I can only do this once
Sorry, I need to fix your mic
Then let's go for it
Let's shoot it for real
Camera rolling
And... action!
Incarcerated Detective...
I died in vain,
I died horribly...
Cut, that was amazing!
But he hasn't said his catchphrase yet
His expression was priceless though
Let's do one more
Where's Lark?
He said he'd only do one take
So that's the only take we'll get
What?
Lark...
Lark, are you doing okay?
We came in here
to talk to you about...
Did you guys...
See the female ghost just now?
The female ghost... she's ready to roll
She's a real ghost
I hired her, she's called Ceci
She's looks very convincing
That's because she's a real ghost
I just saw her neck... she...
It went like... crack... snap...
Lark
Didn't you say you'd stay off booze?
Yeah, Lark
You shouldn't be drinking while you work
The Incarcerated Detective is sober
I'm not drunk, she's a real ghost
I would know because I
ran my car into her
Considering this scene,
using a ghost as an actress
Is perfect casting, isn't it?
Yeah
It's okay, that's not important
Let's get down to business
Because that scene just now
Was missing something
We wanted you to say your catchphrase
I'll ask the director to come out
Director, excuse me
The cameras are in position
Let's go through it outside?
Lark, let's walk and talk
Because this is a very important scene
Lark, we can eat after shooting this scene
Come on
Lark, thank you
Lark, here's your marker
Alright, let's go
Quiet on set
Give me back my head
Quiet! Who's talking?
Nobody's talking
Never mind, let's do it
Alright, quiet on set, do not talk
Wait...
Wait a second
What's happening?
Camera's down, let's call it a day
We're good to go
Alright, let's go again
Sound speed
Alright, 3... 2.. Action
Detective...
Can you help me?
Help me...
What's going on?
- Turn them back on...
- Was there a proper blessing ceremony?
Director is losing his temper
Did the generator run out of fuel?
Someone go check it out
We're good to go, director
Director, let's do it again
Director, are we doing it again
Get out of my way... shut the door...
I told you, she's a real ghost
She's a real ghost, are we still shooting?
Shut up
What should we do now, director?
Let's wrap and get out of here
This is our last day on this location,
otherwise we'll lose it
There still enough time
Let's just get an extra to replace her
What? What about continuity?
Right, continuity should be good
Why did you hire a
real ghost to come to work?
Sorry, I didn't know
We're only missing the ending, director
Let's just get it over with
I'll give you priority on my schedule
Let's just stop shooting now
What?
I'm scared
Director...
Don't replace me
Let's keep shooting
Are you okay?
Do you still have humanity left in you?
She was ran over
on her way to work
She wants to finish her job
even though she's a ghost
Isn't that the true Hong Konger spirit?
As long as we
work together alongside each other
And influence a life with a life
A priceless collaboration
between humans and ghosts
I believe that...
We can create something that
is heart-stirring for the audience
Do you know what the fuck you're saying?
She was in a car accident
She still showed up right on time
Right
She doesn't need makeup, that's good right?
She won't go to the great beyond
if her heart still lingers on
She's a fine actress
We can't strip her chance away
just because she's a ghost
It just so happens we need
a character that's a ghost
Why can't we hire a ghost
as an actor for this role?
Why do we always have
to put someone in makeup?
That's incredibly unfair to ghosts
Right, you have a point
That makes sense
Awesome, we'll have a
market in hell as well!
Wait a second...
Are you guys out of your mind?
She's a ghost!
You guys are letting a
ghost work on your show?
Maybe she's here to seek revenge on me
Don't you even think about ghost busting
Just focus on your acting
I think Ceci is
perfectly cast for the role
I'm okay with that
Wait for me
She's overwhelmed with sorrow, and she's a pro
She didn't follow the script,
she's not a pro at all
You missed a few lines
Don't talk to me about being 'pro'
Makeup heading to set...
We'll work on her
performance once we're on set
You too, don't stay here
You bunch of jerks
Thank you for letting me
act with you, my saviour
Alright!
We're just missing the ending, let's finish this
Brother Lark
In this scene,
an inmate will charge at you with a shiv
Luckily, the female ghost will
help you apprehend him
Where's the inmate?
Sorry, the inmate is coming
I'm here
You again?
We're lacking budget
Whatever
Director
Ceci, come and rehearse the scene
Come on...
Screw it
Let's just do this
Good, it's almost sunrise
Ceci will have to go
Alright, let's go for it
Ready, and action
Because justice will forever
stand on the side of justice
Sorry, Lark
Get off me, asshole
Sorry
Are you okay?
- Are you bleeding?
- Don't touch me
Are you injured anywhere?
Go slower, give him time
to get out of the way
Director
Sorry, it's my first
time shooting an action scene
I'm still inexperienced, I'm sorry
This scene is very dangerous, let's change it
Change it?
Director, perhaps I should stop
the shiv with my body
Using your body to shop the shiv?
Director, this is real stuff
It's real
I can do it
Alright, let's try one
Because justice will forever
stand on the side of justice
Director
How was that?
There isn't enough blood
Not enough blood?
Sorry, let's go again
Stab harder
Are you even trying?
Let's try different angles
Alright
Ceci, you're gonna float into the scene
Ceci, come down,
I need to check your mic
This is great, just stay like this
Thank you
Be careful
We have to take care of our actors
Director
Is this okay?
Let's try it like this
Right... that's great
Steve, get over here
- We're almost ready
- Alright
You're here
Then we'll do a close up right here
I want some flesh to still be
attached to the bone on her neck
Help me, these guys are insane
Where are you?
Why didn't you pick up the phone?
I'm shooting right now
What is there to shoot?
What else? 'The Incarcerated Detective'
What? Haven't you heard the news?
The whole crew was in a traffic accident
Their car tumbled down
the side of a mountain
Lark...
Don't leave...
You have to keep shooting...
Lark... we still have two scenes left
Lark... don't leave...
Don't drink and drive
Wear your seat belt
Lark... don't leave...
Don't drink and drive
Sir
Get out of the car
Get in the car
We're gonna administer a breathalyzer test
I didn't drink
You have to do it
even if you didn't drink
Get lost, for fuck sake
Lark, of 'The Incarcerated Detective' fame
Was involved in a traffic collision last month
He's always showed up to work drunk
This incident almost halted
production on the series
Luckily, the studio found a replacement
According to our sources
Lark's mental health is
deteriorating inside prison
Perhaps it's the impact
of losing a precious role
He's been troubled by hallucinations
Saying that a bunch of ghosts
are forcing him to shoot
We wish Brother Lark the best of health
Hurry up
Fucking hell
I've destroyed all the evidence
What are you gonna do about it?
You're arrested with tampering of evidence
Thank you, friendly inmate
No, she's the Incarcerated Female Detective
No... that can't be...
Get out of the way...
What are you doing? Asshole!
Get lost
I'll show you guys
Justice... will forever
stand on the side of... justice...
Justice...
I'm gonna bust your head wide open
Gonna beat the shit out of you
You're in the way of the TV
Fucking ridiculous
Detective? Aren't you the detective?
What's going on?
Sit the hell down
Let's get outta here
Because justice...
Will forever stand on the side of justice
"The Incarcerated Female Detective, Episode 1"
"Cute Wife, Obey Me Tonight"
What are you looking at?
Good morning, have you eaten yet?
Fatso, don't go in
What happened?
There's a pervert in there
There are two perverts here
He's a gay pervert
I must correct you
Do you know what place this is?
Male toilet
It's a public toilet
Do you know what that means?
Anyone can go in and
out of a public toilet
Free entry, equal amongst all
It's a place of freedom
But that pervert was looking at my dick
I just don't want the
same to happen to you
Kwan
Are you from this era?
How can your values be so backwards?
Your words are discriminatory
Are you homophobic?
I'm not homophobic
I just don't want that
gay guy to mess with me
Some might say that you're
discriminating their sexuality
You might get sued
and end up in prison
Where you'll be raped
I'm going to pee
Thank you
Admiralty, please
I'm not crossing the harbour, sorry
I'm changing shifts
- Get another cab
- Alright
Damn taxi dog
What do you mean?
What did you just say?
If I'm a taxi
dog then what are you?
What are you? You're a harbour crossing dog
What? Come at me
You didn't even shut the door
I think he's just busy
He'll call you back later
I'm not asking him
to drive an expensive car
I just want someone to drive me home
when I'm tipsy
Is that too much to ask?
Look at the three
of us, at rock bottom
Nah, mine's just not free tonight
That's an excuse,
what could he be doing at this hour?
Rose's boyfriend treats her well
For her birthday last year
They went on a staycation at the Peninsula
Right, I've been to many of Hong Kong's
5-star hotels for a staycation
There's a buffet, a spa, it's amazing
The buffet is included?
Yeah, you didn't know?
I... really wanna try it out as well
Let me ask you
Is a boyfriend who takes you
on a staycation more important
Or a boyfriend who drives you home?
Of course it's the staycation
Who'd know if he drove me home
But if it's a staycation
The whole world would know
Take a few pics,
post them online, that's awesome
Wait a minute, speaking of which
Ling, you've been dating your
boyfriend for two years now
How come we've never met him?
It's okay, you guys are such "mean girls'
You guys are getting off soon
Here's for the ride
Don't worry about it
What do you mean?
Stop it! Take it, bitch
Just take it, you don't earn much anyway
Driver, you can drop
me off around the corner
Bye-bye
See you next time, bye-bye
See you next time
What's up?
Are you gonna come sit up front?
Afraid that your friends will see you
What is this?
It's yours
Is driving a taxi illegal?
Can you not be so sensitive?
You don't even know where your problem lies
It's late, and I show up on demand
Is that my problem?
Your friends just called me a driver
And that's my problem?
What else would they call you?
You came to pick me up
You just wanted to
drive me to your place
So that we can have sex
Can you honestly remember
the last time we had sex?
What do you see me as?
How long has it been
since you came to my place?
Because having sex in that shit hole
Makes me feel like a whore
It feels terrible
I never treated you like one
Being together with you...
Besides getting free taxi rides
I don't know what else
I can get from this
I can't see a future in our relationship
Are you crying again?
Forget it, I don't
wanna mess up your taxi
I'm leaving
Hey!
Ling Nai Yiu
I'll drive you home, no sex tonight
Alright then...
I'll take you to your s... "location"!
Your majesty...
Unravel my clothing
Remove all that I'm wearing
Isn't that slutty?
She's sexually autonomous, not slutty,
let's have a look
Wait a second
It's my turn to read that one
Remember to return it
Kwan, where's my copy of
'The Maiden Who Married into a Poor Family'?
It's with you
What are you looking at?
5-star hotels, with spas and a buffet
That's 4 - 5 grand
What a good deal...
My girlfriend wants to go on a staycation
Kwan, are you out of your mind?
4 - 5 grand so you
can book a room to have sex?
Is your girlfriend made of gold?
Not exactly
But she has an amazing body
Kwan, you don't need
to treat women too well
I don't?
Do you?
Master
Do you have the talisman from last time?
Yeah I do, wait a second
I got you a talisman, wait a second
Alright
When you get to your car,
put this on your forehead
Keep walking straight,
it symbolizes a roof over your head
Understood?
Take this
- Thank you, master...
- Store this well
Here, don't let go
I'm leaving, thank you
Don't look back
Did you pick that thing up
from the village ancestral hall?
What? I just imbued a magical charm
into that item
Didn't you see that?
Do you want me
to make one for you?
Yeah, Kwan, it really works
It helped fight off some weird shit
Sure thing
It's okay, I'll pick it up
from the ancestral hall myself
Are you messing with me?
Ads for a staycation?
They're listening to what we're saying
I'm used to it
I'm not afraid of them listening in
I live an honest life,
I don't really care
Not for me, though
"Red Rum Party House
Come here for a couple's staycation now!"
"Haunted Industrial Building"
Fucking hell
Why did you throw my comic book?
It's damaged now
Is it yours?
Do you know what you're reading?
Whatever you're reading
Defies the traditional Chinese values
of man and wife
You can read it by yourself
But you're putting it out in the open
You're promotic toxic ideologies
What's happening?
You're a 'tsundere'
What does that mean?
What are you saying?
This is nonsense
Follow me in here
Come on, 'tsundere'
What does that mean?
This is your room
There are board games, mahjong, sofa bed
Chairs, a table, a TV
Ask me if you need an HDMI cable
This place has a central a/c
If you're ordering food, this is room C
The address is on the WhatsApp confirmation
You can't move the furniture around
If you have decorations,
make sure you clear them out
No double-sided tape on the wall
You can't use spray paint, no durian
No sexual intercourse, no hotpot
- What?
- No smoking...
What?
No sex?
No, why not?
Say all that stuff again
You can't move the furniture around
If you have decorations,
make sure you clear them out
No double-sided tape on the wall
You can't use spray paint, no durian
No sexual intercourse, no...
No sexual intercourse
You said there's no sex allowed in here
We can't allow sex in here
You said this place was for a staycation
Yes, it's for a staycation
You don't have to
have sex on a staycation
Right?
Can I lock the door?
Sure
A lot of people lock
the door, need some help?
I'll lock it tighter for you
A lot of people lock the door
Excuse me, where's number 10?
Namo Amitabha...
Auntie...
Which floor
10th floor
Just press "10" by yourself
Where's Room C please?
That way, I'll take you there
Thank you
Hurry up
What took you so long?
My legs are numb
Why didn't you come and pick me up?
I was prepping this room
Look, a 5-star staycation, surprise!
5-star?
What is this place?
A staycation, I decorated it myself,
isn't it nice?
Why can't you just
book a normal hotel room?
This is no different than a hotel staycation
You can ask the little girl up front
I've had enough
This is a party room for rent
It's a place for teenagers
If you don't feel ashamed,
I feel embarrassed
Is it embarrassing?
I think it...
Makes me feel youthful
Youthful?
I don't have high standards
Do I not deserve better?
I spent five hours prepping this place
If you're not satisfied
Then you're no better than
your gold-digger friends
I'm a gold-digger?
You said that Simon is a fool
for treating Rose so well
You just don't wanna spend money on me
You're right
I'm not as rich as them
I'm just a taxi driver
I'm not gonna argue, |I've had enough
Let's break up
Kwan
What's up?
There aren't many guys
who would spend so much time
Trying to make their girlfriend happy
Weren't you gonna leave me?
I won't allow you
to say that about yourself
Actually, my request is very simple
I just want you and me to be...
Together!
You seem different today
Is this hot?
Yeah
Kwan
What's up with you?
You look exhausted
I went on a staycation last night
My legs are sore
How was the place?
Of course it was fun
I prepared some petals and fragrances
It was as if she took an aphrodisiac
She was climbing up and down
She had her hands full
I guess there's no need
to book a hotel after all
Kwan
Is your zodiac sign
the ox or the horse?
It's the dog
Did you get off the bed with
your left or right foot?
Right foot
No... the left foot
Have you eaten an
orange in the past week?
Does orange juice count?
Did you call your mum?
Holy shit
That space is haunted
What?
You had an encounter with a ghost
Fuck!
What the hell do you mean?
Your forehead is dark,
and your lips are pale
You must've encountered something ghastly
I had a staycation last night,
I'm just exhausted
Right?
No
It was a horny ghost
A horny ghost?
Yeah
Some spirits did not fulfill
Their desires before they died
So they wanna have sex even after death
They'd possess spiritually weak souls
And lure them into sex
We call this a 'horny haunting'
Horny haunting?!
Was your girlfriend any different than usual?
Nope
No?
She just keeps wanting more,
I'm all empty and dry man!
Kwan, this doesn't sound bad at all
Exactly
Sounds awesome...
Kwan
Stop messing around
Here
Keep this talisman with you
Did you steal this
from the ancestral hall again?
You...
Keep this with you, free of charge
As a precaution
And a peace of mind
Alright then...
So annoying
"My Fickle & Naughty Little Minx"
Hand it to me
Why did you bring so much stuff down?
This is all my stuff
I didn't pack the bigger items yet
I'll bring them to you later
What happened?
We've broken up,
I don't want these in the way
Broken up?
What do you mean by that?
We had... so much fun last night
What's going on?
Why are you always like this?
You're so fickle, how can I adapt?
Right, it's been so tough on you
You don't have to adapt any more
Ling Nai Yiu
Let's go to the party room again
You go to that ghastly place by yourself
What ghastly place?
You enjoyed yourself last night
Do you remember?
What happened?
Hello?
Hey baby, where are you now?
I'm working right now, where else?
Are you visiting me tonight?
Where can I find you?
Party room C
You're there right now?
What are you doing there?
Isn't that place too cheap for you?
Don't stay there too long
I'll make it up to you tonight
You can do whatever you want with me
I'm coming now
You're here
I've been waiting for so long
Didn't you say this place
was too cheap for you?
Why wouldn't I like it?
You have to visit me
more often from now on
You sometimes complain about this and that
And now you're being so reasonable
That'll be $160, thank you
So expensive?
It's usually $140
But the meter says $160,
are you paying or not?
It's usually $140
Did you take a detour?
I only have $140 with
me, do you want it?
You're still missing $20
I don't have any more
I only have $140 in cash
It's usually $140, and it's $160 today
Why is it so expensive?
Get out of my car
No, I only have $140
Actually...
A lot of people don't understand that
Taxi drivers are under a lot of pressure
This customer slammed my door today
And said I was a 'taxi dog'
Many people are rude in Hong Kong nowadays
Don't worry, I'll help you tell them off
Nai Yiu
I've been so happy lately
I love talking with you like this
It feels like...
I'm so close to you
Our conversations are so deep
Then... do you wanna...
Go deeper?
Nai Yiu
Nai Yiu, where are you going?
That's deep, really deep
Thanks
You're missing 40 cents
You're asking for 40 cents change?
That's still money, isn't it?
Damn taxi dog
See you later, sucker
My husband's abroad, let's go to my place
Please puke inside the plastic bag
Stop it, the driver can see us
So what? I'll beat
the shit out of him
I said, puke inside the plastic bag
What are you looking at?
Eyes on the road
Granny's gonna give me shit this time
Can you push harder?
Alright...
Let's go again
What?
Harder
harder
Let's do it again
No, I have to leave
Why?
I'm covering the morning shift tomorrow
I told you, remember?
Are you losing interest in me?
Nai Yiu
Love is not just about sex
I feel like you're suffocating me
What is it now?
I'm really tired
I can't get it up
You can do it, let's go again
You forced my hand
You can't eat that
Again...
You're awake?
Look at his utterly exhausted face
Kwan
Did you break up?
Where's the talisman I gave you?
Did you use it?
I'm sure your girlfriend has been possessed
By a horny ghost?
That doesn't sound too bad, seem like fun
Fun?
He will be totally sucked dry, and die!
Kwan, then don't go anymore
Don't? What do you mean?
If I don't go on a staycation
She'll break up with me
Don't do it, Kwan
I don't want to either
She wants sex every night
I'm exhausted, you know?
If I don't sleep,
my granny's gonna be mad
Don't go, Kwan
- It's okay...
- Calm down
It's okay...
- Do you have water?
- Water? Water...
Excuse me, do you have water?
Have some water and you'll be fine
I do... here you go
You'll feel better after some water
That's ghost saliva!
The bag feels heavy...
The party room
Give me the address
What are you gonna do?
Come on, time to go ghost busting!
Don't tell granny!
We're almost there, hang on!
Hey!
What did you do to my comic?
Are you having a threesome today?
Stop messing around
Which room does he usually
go to? Tell me now
What are you doing here, uncle?
What am I doing here?
I'm here for an exorcism, hurry up
What does that mean?
Room C
Fucking hell
That was a 'C'?
Aggressive jerk
Where's your girlfriend?
She's not here yet
Demonic entity, show yourself!
Why didn't you tell
me you're bringing a friend?
This is Fatso,
I came uninvited
Fatso?
You're like a cute teddy bear
Do you want a taste?
Are you crazy?
Put your clothes back on
Take this
Out of my way
Horny ghost...
I'll skip the niceties
You wanna escape?
Die, horny ghost!
Are you crazy?
You'll hurt her
Babe, I'm so scared
Get out of here...
Die, here I come
You're lying down again?
Accept your death!
Hey!
I'm helping you
She's been possessed
She's indeed been possessed
But she treats me well
Fuck this
Escape is futile
Your fate is death, evil spirit
What is it now?
She'll suck out all of your energy
You'll die
Let's not get physical
We can talk this out
Where is she?
She's here
What now?
You can't escape anymore?
Evil spirit, you will perish
Are you okay?
Is there a more
humane way to do this?
This ghost is really
horny, you can't take it
I'm sorry for this
Kwan, you don't love me anymore
How could I not love you?
During this period of time
You gave me so much joy
But we're from different worlds
We have different frequencies
How about this
You slow down your frequency
And we can meet
up occasionally and have fun
Okay?
Fatso
Please help me convince this lady
She's not a lady, she's a man
Mister...
Please let my friend go
He's not suitable for you
She's not a lady, she's a man
I'm not homophobic
I just don't want that
gay pervert to mess with me
Whatever you're reading
Defies the traditional Chinese values
of man and wife
Some might say that you're
discriminating their sexuality
You'll be raped
Granny's gonna give me shit this time
Do you know what a public toilet is?
Anyone can go in and
out of a public toilet
Free entry, equal amongst all
What's wrong with indulging on a man's dragon?
Why are you modern people so old school?
Kwan
Where's the talisman I gave you?
The talisman?
You mean that bell thing?
Right, I have it
Kwan... did you find it?
I'm searching for it... wait
Can you hurry up?
Kwan...
How about this scripture?
That'll work
Go on, stick it on
Kwan
I had a really good
time these past few weeks
No man has ever treated me so well
I knew our relationship will
eventually come to an end
If you have the heart to
forever cease my reincarnation
And dissipate into the abyss
Then go ahead and stick it on
You asshole
You're awake?
What am I doing here?
You're okay now
What is he doing?
He's just playing some music
The bag you just bought is so cute
I wanted to buy the red one
It's new this season
If you don't buy it, it'll be off-season
Babe
- I'll help you with that
- Thank you
Do you girls need a ride?
It's okay, we'll get out of your hair
You got yourself a red stallion
We'll be waiting for your wedding invitations
Alright, get lost
Is she sick of us already?
Alright, see you
"Domineering Driver and the Dainty Wife"
Do people still use these machines?
They look quite nice
Waste of air conditioning
There's a ghost, just now...
Don't be such a chickenshit
Don't run around
This way
No, just now...
Little girl
Are you a human or a ghost?
"Haunted Shopping Mall"
Do you know where Kat went to play?
Hey
Kat, time for some candy
You guys must think that a quiet mall
means it's haunted
You're wrong! This place was
bustling in the 80s and 90s
But it's also a time
when it was the most haunted
Because this place attracts couples
who are ready to get married
And it also attracts children who
are to be reincarnated
This bride-to-be
Do you want to try anything in particular?
We have all kinds of styles here
You can take your pick
I want something that shows my shoulder
When I was a kid,
I used to play at my mom's store
I'd watch her pick wedding dresses for clients
While she helped the kids seek prospective mothers
How about this one?
It shows your shoulders
The bottom is like a princess' dress
It looks elegant, and sexy
I think I'll take this one
But can you add a
piece of cloth in the front?
To cover my baby belly
Sure... I'll adjust it for you...
Alright, thank you
Alright...
Thank you
Come back for a fitting next Thursday,
thank you...
Bye-bye
Patting the back of a ghost's dead
Hello
She's called Kat
When my mom was busy working
And couldn't attend to me
She'd always be there to play with me
Don't you want to reincarnate?
Yay! Then you can stay
here and play with me
After mom retired
I took over the store
But nobody goes to malls these days
Not even a ghost in sight
It's heavy
Takeout has arrived
Good, I can smell it
Let's order from Cheung Fat next time
The long-haired delivery guy seems nice
Cheung Fat closed down two days ago
Business wasn't holding up
Chiuchow lady told me today
That she's closing at
the end of the month
Pretty much all the
stores in 3/F have closed
I thought her Chinese wedding gowns were beautiful
I always wished I would
have a chance to buy one
But it's closing before I can get married
It's okay, Fong
You still have another two weeks
Alright
No...
I'm a vegan...
I'm a vegan
Eat some more
No...
Have some more
I'm a vegan
Fire!
- Help...
- We're coming...
- What's going on?
- Fire!
There's a raging fire, help
It's such a big fire,
I can't breathe...
Alright... I'll help you...
It's so hot... it's burning
It's settled
Thank you, firefighting hero
What happened?
I couldn't sleep, so I lit some incense
Then I immediately fell asleep
And this girl kept feeding me meat
I ate so much meat
It must've been the vegan chicken stew
from last time
What? It was a vegan chicken stew?
The one from Sam Pan?
Yeah
They serve vegan food there?
Nope
Edward
As long as you
have veganism in your heart
The floor's wet,
I'll get a mop
I'll wipe your desk
You guys keep talking about Kat
Is she missing a front tooth?
Yeah, did you see her?
I get it now
She knew I was a vegan
So she fed me meat on purpose
To shock me into waking up
Otherwise I would've died from the fire
Help me thank her if you see her
I haven't seen her in a long time
There's a ghost!
I'm terrified
There's another one there
What kind of a shopping mall is this?
It's Kat
Fong
Fong...
Kat
Hello
I've been looking for you
Kat is a little rascal
She loved playing pranks
But she only does it with reason
One time, Edward forgot to lock up
Someone was stealing from his store
And Kat wouldn't let him leave
In another instance,
Yee was in the toilet
A pervert was taking pictures of her
Luckily, Kat came to the rescue
You're taking pictures?
What's your plan?
What are you guys talking about?
Take a look at this
Oh shit...
You guys got it too?
We tried fighting against it
We don't have a choice but leave
I just didn't think it'd come so soon
Gotta move out by
the end of the month
Once they shut the four of us down
That's the end for the mall
What's up?
What's next for you?
I haven't thought about it
You knew we'd be kicked out soon
You really never thought about it?
I don't wanna leave
It's great here
Take a look
Don't you like it?
I've been here for many years
Of course I'd like it here
Everything's old and worn down
Why would you like it here?
There can be many reasons
To like a place
Perhaps it's because of the people here
I'm changing professions after the shop closes
What are you gonna do?
A friend asked me to
start a business in Taiwan
But we don't know what we're gonna do
I've never heard you mention it,
is it a boy or a girl?
Who is this person?
Secondary school classmate
Why are you so up tight?
What's that got to do with you?
- You...
- So...
You go first
Go ahead, you might forget
Are you gonna say it?
What do you wanna do before you leave?
I'll help you fulfill one wish
One wish? That's a lot
Let's start with one
I just want this
place to be bustling again
Giving us hope
I don't care how much money we make
As long as we're all happy together
That's a lot of
wishes, you know that right?
You're so useless
I'm just saying it as it is
I'm also worried about Kat
When all the stores close
I dunno what's gonna happen to her
Maybe we can persuade her to leave
I've been trying since forever
Or we could find her a good family
And let her reincarnate
That sounds good
What are you doing?
Kiss me
What?
Kat
You little rascal
You can't do that,
I've told you many times before
I'm just trying to
help you, you're the rascal
What? What's happening?
Nothing
Let's go inside
Sure
Kat
I know you're here
Our store is closing at
the end of the month
You shouldn't stay here any longer
Don't be so childish
You knew this place was getting torn down
It's dangerous for you here
Didn't you say you'd play with me?
I know it's hard to let go
It's hard for me as well
There's nothing we can do
Where can I go?
I just wanna play with you
If you don't leave, your soul
will dissipate forever
Then we don't be
able to see each other
Be good
Find a good family to reincarnate into
We'll see each other in the next life
Edward made a PR
campaign on the mall's closure
There are so many prospective parents
Kat will definitely be able to
reincarnate this time!
Come and take a look
Have a look
You look beautiful today
I know
Hi, take a look at this
Are you two planning to have children?
We'd prefer if it was
just the two of us
Have you considered having children?
What?
Marriage is about producing offspring
It's a cardinal rule
And we have some baby items on sale
I can talk you through it
I don't think we will
Alright then
Back to the manicure
Alright, I'll call you back
Bye-bye
What do you think?
It's nice, it matches you
Babe, what do you think?
I gotta call someone back, just a sec
I could help you adjust this part...
Sorry, wait a second
Hello? Yes...
Is this the one?
It looks nice
I'll help her adjust
the front, so that she...
Excuse me
Alright, bye-bye
Sorry, where were we?
I'll help you adjust this part
Make it lower and tighter
What? Is that too revealing?
It can't go any lower
I only bought that stock last week
What do you think?
They won't have time to
have me as their kid
First of all, how
did you guys start dating?
A friend introduced us
We were at a concert together in Japan
Have we been to a concert in Japan?
Was it not?
I must've mixed it up
Who were you with?
Why do you care?
Why are you yelling?
You're scaring the baby
It's okay
We won't be shooting the concert, right?
Watch your tone with me
You know that you're
just carrying a girl, right?
What? So a girl doesn't earn a cut?
We only get the land
and shares if it's a boy
Luckily, my brother had a daughter
Give birth to this one,
and give me a boy
You're destined to have daughters
What's that got to do with me?
Forget it, we're not making the video
What do you want from me?
What do you think?
They're rich, it's a good opportunity
I don't like them as my parents
You're running out of choices
I don't want it
I'm upset
Don't be so picky
I'm not reincarnating
Iced lemon tea
Make that two, please
Johnny
Keung
You work here?
Nah, I'm just helping out
Still figuring stuff out for your wedding?
We're almost there
Just tying up some loose ends
Also, I want some pictures taken
This is Johnny, we went to college together
And this is his girlfriend Mabel
They've been in a stable relationship for years
Also...
They want to have children
So have you guys planned it out?
Yeah
How many are you planning to have?
I don't mind how many kids we have
A football team
You'll be popping out kids
You've been dating for so long
How many fights have you had?
1, 2, 3, less than 10
They're thinking of moving to Canada
Yeah, education is better over there
And the air is better
But kids might have trouble adapting
I wonder if she'll like the candy there
What?
Don't think about it too much
It's the best arrangement
Let's go with this one, okay?
Okay?
Come over to my store
You asked so many questions
- Is there a discount?
- Ask again later when you're back
- Come over...
- Sure
So he has nothing to do with it?
I thought you worked here
Come over here
I'm sorry...
So many questions...
What do you think?
This couple seems nice, they're flawless
What is it again?
I'll miss you,
I wanna be with you forever
I can come visit you in Canada
I don't want that
Listen to me
You have to be
good in your next life
No matter how bad the circumstances
You have to be true to yourself
You understand me?
I understand
Johnny and Mabel are leaving
Kat, you can't be so
naughty in the next life
You have to be nice to them
If I know you've been naughty
I'll come and spank your bottom
Kat
We'll see each other soon
So that's it then?
So... we'll each call our ride
So...
Let's keep in touch
Or...
What is it?
Or we could ask everyone out to dinner
Sure
See you soon
Yee, I'm calling my ride downstairs
What are you doing?
- There's always a day for parting...
- Go after her...
Go after her...
Fong
I like you
I've liked you for a long time
Is this Kat?
What do you mean?
What's gotten into you?
This is so sudden
I was afraid that
I'd never see you again
So?
What do you wanna do?
I want you to be my girlfriend
Together with you
Inseparable
The Master is here
Make way
All ghosts and spirits make way
Go ahead and make way
Don't say I didn't warn you
The Master is on the way
On the way
Master
It's this floor
It's haunted
Yes, Master
What are you three doing here?
It's none of your
business, get out of here
This place is sold already
Please get out of here
Can't you see we're all packed up?
What's happening?
Stop arguing...
The Master loves you all
Master, please have mercy
There are no evil spirits here
Get rid of all the wandering spirits
There's no need, there are no ghosts here
You guys can leave
Wait!
There's one left
A little rascal ghost over there
It's Kat
Kat!
Why are you still here?
Fan
By the mercy of the Buddha
Disciple in the name of Patriarch Mao
Land of the river god,
horror of the river ghost
In the name of the the ancestral god
Eradicate all the evil spirits
Scripture of Kelly Chen
Staff of the Dragon and Horse Spirits
You've been a bad kid
Fan... you poor thing
Are you okay?
To the hospital
Alright, to the hospital
Kat
Let me protect you
Whip of Hopes & Fortunes!
First lash
Second lash
Third lash
Fourth lash
Fifth lash
Sixth lash
HomeSafeLash
Kat
Master, I beg you
Kat is a friendly ghost
She's never hurt anybody
She's gonna be reincarnated soon
Please don't kill her, I beg you
Fong
Kat
Why didn't you leave?
I wanna protect you
I wanna protect this place
Why are you such a fool?
It's okay, Fong
We'll play together in the next life
Goodbye, you little rascal
Kat
We haven't seen Kat ever since
But we'd put down a
few pieces of candy every time
Just for a peace of mind
You have to behave
Grandma's gonna come back soon
Alright, say goodbye to grandma
Bye-bye, grandma
Bye-bye
Bye, mom
Let's go to bed
I wanna hear a story
Alright
Tenants of the mall moved out eventually
This is your story
Stop asking me where you came from, okay?
Alright, time for bed
Goodnight
I wanna protect you